My new website will be called Fatty Mc Fat Fat!
Phase one
I want a website with 3 pages.
On this site, I want to dedicate the memory of my cat Fatty Mc Fat Fat. However, this site will be for other
folks who had similar big fat orange cats and want to share their stories of their cats with other people. I
want this site to be comforting and peaceful. An enjoyable experience for those folks who are
heartbroken about losing their fat orange cats to old age.
On the first page, will be his 

biography: 

Fatty was born on July 4th 2008. He was first called Wendy when
we first found him on a farm as a tiny stray kitten. At his 6 month check up with the vet, the vet informed
us that Wendy was a boy so we renamed him Simba. Within one year, Simba was so enormous that we
renamed him again to Fatty Mc Fat Fat. The vets office loved having him for his visit and had a right old
giggle calling his name out from the waiting room.

On the 2nd page,

I want a form for folks to submit their own memories of their own cats. I will leave this
form up to you to decide what folks could possibly submit for their cat memory.
This site is uniquely for big fat orange cats!

On the 3rd page,

 I need another form for folks to contact me for questions. I will leave this form up to you
to figure out what questions we should ask. However, I’d love to hear from visitors about how the site
could be improved, other uses for the site and be open to other peoples suggestions.
Use the images in the link below to figure out a color palette.
Link to Cat images: https://files.aventri.com/fl/I9LxqILLuv
Create the css files to make this site look beautiful. I want to have a different CSS file for the table
decoration and a different css file for the fonts and layout.
I will need a text file that lists the color pallette codes. Please add that to the site
index.css-Store layout, fonts information
forms.css-Store form css information
Please create a cute favicon.

Phase Two
I want a nav bar, that opens out - like a wee hamburger - a menu on the side or middle.
Please launch this site using Netlify.
Instructions:
Ö Create a new account in Netlify.
Ö Add a new site.
Ö Import a project.
Ö Try Netlify drop!
Ö Upload your folder of your zipped project from NetBeans.
Ö Preview your file.
Ö Take a screen shot of the preview of the file.
Ö Investigate the Netlify site and see how you can host a website using a customized Netlify
domain.
Please include in the site, instructions on how to set it up. I would like this in text files and available to me
so that I will be informed about how to take care of the site.
I’m not sure yet if I want a full code site or a low code site.
Please go to weebly.com and make a new site for this page and publish it.
Please create a list of 20 words that I can use as SEO (Search Engine Optimization) key words to add to
the site.